README.md, before:

# Spark-ml-algo-lib



Introduction
============

MACHINE LEARNING Algorithm library, running on KUNPENG chipset, is an accelerated library that provides a rich set of higher-level tools for machine learning algorithms. It is based on the original APIs from Apache Spark version 2.3.2. The accelerated library for performance optimization greatly improves the computational performance of big data algorithm scenarios.

The current version provides three common learning algorithms: Support Vector Machine (SVM) Algorithm, Random Forest Classifier (RFC) algorithm, and Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (GBDT) algorithm. 
You can find the latest documentation, including a programming guide, on the project web page. This README file only contains basic setup instructions.





Building And Package
====================

(1) Package under the "Spark-ml-algo-lib" :

    mvn clean package


(2) get "sophon-ml-core_2.11-1.0.0.jar" under the "Spark-ml-algo-lib/ml-core/target"

   get "sophon-ml-acc_2.11-1.0.0.jar" under the "Spark-ml-algo-lib/ml-accelerator/target"



Contact
=======

Spark is distributed through GitHub. For the latest version, a bug tracker,
and other information, see

  http://spark.apache.org/

or the repository at

  https://github.com/apache/spark/tree/v2.3.2

Commit message:

Add contribution guildelines and email list

README.md, after:

# Spark-ml-algo-lib



Introduction
============

MACHINE LEARNING Algorithm library, running on KUNPENG chipset, is an accelerated library that provides a rich set of higher-level tools for machine learning algorithms. It is based on the original APIs from Apache Spark version 2.3.2. The accelerated library for performance optimization greatly improves the computational performance of big data algorithm scenarios.

The current version provides three common learning algorithms: Support Vector Machine (SVM) Algorithm, Random Forest Classifier (RFC) algorithm, and Gradient Boosting Decision Tree (GBDT) algorithm. 
You can find the latest documentation, including a programming guide, on the project web page. This README file only contains basic setup instructions.





Building And Package
====================

(1) Package under the "Spark-ml-algo-lib" :

    mvn clean package


(2) get "sophon-ml-core_2.11-1.0.0.jar" under the "Spark-ml-algo-lib/ml-core/target"

   get "sophon-ml-acc_2.11-1.0.0.jar" under the "Spark-ml-algo-lib/ml-accelerator/target"



Contribution guidelines
========

Please use GitHub [issues](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Spark-ml-algo-lib/issues) for tracking requests and bugs.

More Information
========

For further assistance, you can send email to kunpengcompute@huawei.com.
